day 36 progress (#261)
saiyam1814/DevOpsRoadmap2022: atir-nayab/21-02-2022/docker.md

# Auditing Docker security

**Main highlights**

- overview of the docker platform
- common security issues and pitfalls
- docker registries and hashes
- docker security benchmark and cve's
- auditing the docker platform

## auditing docker security

- in order to fully grasp the process of securing docker as a platform, we need to contextualize the functionality and structure of the platform in order to understand when the security pitfalls exists.
- after we have an understanding of how the platform works and where the security issues exist, we can begin exploring the process of performing a security audit in order to establish a baseline that we can use to guide us during the process.

## what is the docker platform?

> - docker is pass (platform as a service) containerization technology that utilizes os-level vitualization that allows users to package, ditribute and deploy software, web apps and any other type of data that can be containerized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 docker is PaaS (platform as a service) containerization technology that utilizes os-level virtualization that allows users to package, distribute and deploy software, web apps and any other type of data that can be containerized.
```
